you know on a night like tonight the
night of the Academy Awards Beauty not
only is it on display its analyzed
evaluated experts are flown in to
determine who wore it best
lists are made to decide who is hot and
who is not hot and that's why I
personally am happy to be part of an
organization that supports beautiful
people like myself wow you're perfect
you're incredible
you are one good-looking fish amazing
holy okay the meeting of the handsome
men's club will now come to order first
order of business is with Patrick how
much should we raise at the carwash
seventy-five million dollars it's really
great that is great I know she'll good
call and make it a topless who's a sure
it never hurts for the homeless
Clooney's on it of course plenty zone
sting mirrors down
oh I'm sorry Jimmy I got lost in my own
eyes okay new applicants we have the
kids from Twilight Taylor Lautner and
Robert Pattinson she'll have handsome
all in favor handsome handsome all
opposed
I don't know I don't see handsome yet
I'm gonna overrule this one not handsome
cute what's wrong with teeth there's a
quota and you filled it the best all
right oh oh yeah Liev Schreiber show of
handsome oh wait a minute I can't see
you pass this to me you know Ted maybe
if you could be here in person every
once in a while instead of chatting on
AIM we wouldn't have to do this quiet
Kimmo valuating handsome
all right I'm ready thank you all right
show of handsome all opposed
I don't know his facial hair is kind of
reddish what overruled
why we even voting on this crap
any old business uh no old business it
excuse me I never got a response to my
request to legally change my name change
it to what handsome Hawke approved any
new business no yeah
I'd like to make a motion Matthew has
the field I move that we vote for a new
president
Moshe denied because we have the best
president in the world me well maybe you
shouldn't be president that's why I made
the motion or maybe you shouldn't even
be in the club Jimmy
pardon me I think you say we all had to
get voted into this club and you didn't
he's just saying you don't know what
he's saying that is not what he was
saying no that is what I was saying you
know why don't we just have a vote on
whether or not you're handsome thank you
I second that there was a vote America
voted
maybe you've heard of a little magazine
called People's Sexiest Man Alive
oh well aware of that in which I happen
to have a three-page spread that was
clearly a joke you're a joke you're a
joke no you're a joke at least I'm a
funny joke see this is what I do on
foreigners in the club
just watch it Thibault you see exactly
Kimmel you are not handsome
are you nuts thank you John I am
handsome I'm not gonna have one of the
best bodies here you do yeah I do
he's wearing Spanx
no I'm not oh yeah what's this
[Applause]
spats
respects
those are my superhero tights I fight
crime in them now you know my secret
identity and now your lives are all in
danger so good job good luck staying
alive you'll fat you're fat I'm handsome
I'm a lot more handsome than a lot of
you look at Romo look at the size of his
ears right can't even get his hat on
frontways everburn cuz his ears are so
big yeah look at Keith Keith those lady
hair long I'm handsome ask anyone
TD the comb art they come here look at
this Hayes handsome right we look
exactly alike
[Laughter]
[Applause]
exactly
Jacobite you see hey nobody in this room
besides you thinks that you're handsome
I think you're damn handsome thank you
any cravat come on Manny see that I
think what Lenny's trying to say is
handsome doesn't come from here handsome
comes from here yeah I have flaws
my eyes are too busy and maybe my skin
is too soft and smooth my skin suits are
maybe I have the breasts of a fourteen
[Music]
mean anything
what's important is I'm handsome with
inside that's what matters physical
beauty fades beauty fades look at sting
children please I'm trying to talk here
you can give it a rest I had your back
pocket as a gentlemen I am
handsome and I'm damn proud to be
president of the handsome men's club now
and forever
oh so handsome
[Music]
back say something
show of not not not not not
[Music]
that's how it is a fine I'll leave with
my head held handsome and these pizzas
[Music]
don't before I go though I want to leave
you gentlemen with a parting thought
from my favorite book self matters by
dr. Philip McGraw dr. Phil teaches us
that when the rooster sorry
[Applause]
[Laughter]
wake up wake up what club together and
Matthew McConaughey was there and he's
really really meaning me you said I
wasn't handsome my big handsome handsome
[Music]
[Applause]
he's got the breasts
[Music]
[Applause]